He is not, I am from Comfort Group, Captain Wang.
And not the little man I drove,
Sleeping Song, I think the height is good,
The legs you solved were all turned around.
Damn it, damn it, you were just too slow to say this when I first arrived.
This stinky Bird Ji, if you dare to touch him again, you won't listen.
No, you are all vain,
If you take a good look at it later, you will see that he is a stinking bird.
He has nothing but his skin power,
He is just a little brat, such a brat among British dogs,
You are still fighting for the wind and fighting for the wind.
Everyone, calm down
Not such a big train
Today you are here to destroy the World Group
The security captain of my so-called past life group is very angry
So I decided that hello
all of you
What kind of compensation should be made?
It's not too late for us to cause chaos. Look at it.
What a nice strip
What a wonderful place
It would cost a lot of money to repair this.
Each of you will be compensated two thousand yuan, two thousand yuan. Forget it.
The story and what a developed family is
you have money
Then you should deal with it more
Those twenty pairs are cocoa
Has it been signed yet?
You don't want to design here
I tell you he won't kill you
It's because he can't
But the Western Church is not him.
I just want one word
I can let the Western Church
Everyone is coming to hunt you
How dare you ask me
I have money and I can close it for you every day. Do you hear me?
My little man’s hair is hanging
That person is wrong twenty-one
I'll ask you what you're going to do if I give you three days to do so.
It's the supervisor